# WebAPI
Web API Interview Questions
<p>Server Certificate vs Client Certificate<br />How do we configure Server Certificate in WebAPI?<br />How do we configure Cient Certificate in WebAPI?<br />What is SslRequireCert?<br />How do we see if a request is HTTP or HTTPs? <br />Why do we need SSL when we have basic authentication?<br />How will we authenticate clients in Web API?<br />How do you obtain SSL/TLS Certificate?<br />What does SSL/TLS ensure?<br />What is SSL?<br />What are the types of SSL?<br />What is SSL Handshake? How does SSL Work?<br />What does SSL Certificate contain?<br />SSL Heartbleed Vulnerability?<br />What is Self Sign Certificate?<br />How to install certificate on IIS?</p>
<p>Server Certificate vs Client Certificate<br /> - Server Certificate authenticates server to clients<br /> - Client certificate authenticates clietns to the server<br /> <br />How do we configure Server Certificate in WebAPI?<br /> - We install the certificate in IIS <br /> - WE create a AuthorizationFilter that checks whether the request is HTTP or HTTPS <br /> - Apply the filter in Method in controller<br /> <br />How do we configure Cient Certificate in WebAPI?<br /> - two-way authentication<br /> - for better security<br /> - for eg in apps related to finance domain<br /> <br />What is SslRequireCert?</p>
<p>How do we see if a request is HTTP or HTTPs? <br /> - Request.RequestUri.Scheme</p>
<p>Why do we need SSL when we have basic authentication? <br /> - basic authentication sends everything in plaintext<br /> - it is not secure</p>
<p>How will we authenticate clients in Web API?<br /> - by issuing client certificates<br /> <br />How do you obtain SSL/TLS Certificate?<br /> - You purchase it from CA<br /> - You create self signed certificates for testing</p>
<p>What does SSL/TLS ensure?<br /> - integrity, authenticity and Encryption</p>
<p>What is SSL?<br /> - for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser<br /> - to ensure integrity, authenticity and Encryption<br /> - SSL use port 443<br /> <br />What are the types of SSL?<br /> - Extended Validation (EV) Certificates<br /> - Organization Validated (OV) Certificates<br /> - Domain Validated (DV) Certificates</p>
<p>What is SSL Handshake? How does SSL Work?<br /> - Client (browser) sends hello to server giving him version of SSL it supports, cipher-suites it supports etc<br /> - Server responds back with certificate and hello. Certificate contains the Public key.<br /> - Client verifies the certificate by checking if it was authorized by CA<br /> - Client sends a symmetric key encrypting it using the Public key sent by the server <br /> - Server encrypts the data using the symmetric key (by decrypting</p>
<p>What does SSL Certificate contain?</p>
<p>SSL Heartbleed Vulnerability?</p>
<p>What is Self Sign Certificate?<br /> - a self-signed certificate is a certificate that is not signed by a certificate authority (CA)<br /> - These certificates are easy to make and do not cost money<br /> - people who visit that website will see a warning in their browser<br /> <br />How to install certificate on IIS?<br /> - Actual Certificate <br /> - IIS &gt; Certificate &gt; Complete Certificate Request &gt; Add certificate &amp; Save<br /> - Complete binding using https<br /> - Self Signed Certificate<br /> - IIS &gt; Certificate &gt; Create Self Signed Certificate</p>
